Probably an async video presentation

ABSTRACT
 In this work, we use the penalty Immersed Boundary Method (pIBM) to simulate the movement of liquid droplets hanging on a vertical wall. We propose a 2D numerical method based on pIBM to tackle the moving contact line problem. Note that the vertical wall is hydrophilic and does not allow slip in most cases, however, in reality we do observe droplets advance on hydrophilic surfaces. We use Lagrangian markers to represent the droplet interface and compute surface tension. The forcing scheme is designed to unify both the surface tension and the unbalanced Young's forces at the contact point into one general equation. We also employ a dynamic re-sampling technique to ensure the uniform distribution of Lagrangian markers.

Introduction (literature context. make reader understand what we do in the big picture)
 problem formulation
 what has been done so far
 what we do that hasn't been done so far

Method
Results
Conclusion

contact line problem and the dynamic sliding regime
stepwise interface re-sampling
Boundary splicing

    2D benchmark. 
        Maybe ask Peskin or Guanhua. Maybe the multiphase level-set paper authors. 
    Experiments: as N -> infin, does behavior -> normal? 
    Test cases mentioned in the 2018 final report
    Plot the time-volume graph for the non-wall merge exps. 
    Contrast with the steady state

Time profiling: computational efficiency

Hybrid paper. 
We have novel methods. 
Vary parameters. Do experiments with our method! 

future works:
    resampling keeps sharp edges

10 min video + 2 min Q&A


























Even for vanilla IBM, there can be volume area error
(constant density IBM)
cut lack of area conservation <- people know
change "teleport" -> "shift" "displace"
section context improvement, many details should be condense, or viewers disoriented
# slides /= 2
"penalty no-slip" -> "tethered markers"
opening: The equations we solve. Context for out external force, then comes into the topic
remove area conservation
state "we are doing constant viscosity in place"
ref for the benchmark
first page - 15 sec
Baylor College of Medicine logo
arrow: dt and N refinement
Period to end bullets and stuff
ddl: tuesday
